Windows 11 Notepad: reclassify "go to line" edit field as a proper edit field (#18216)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

* In Geekbench 6.4, NVDA can again read the ribbon and options within. (#17892, @mzanm)
* NVDA no longer fails to read check list items in Microsoft Loop when viewed in Google Chrome / Microsoft Edge. (#18130)
* NVDA now respects its line number reporting setting in Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio 21. (#18176, @LeonarddeR)

> * In Windows 11 Notepad, NVDA will announce values in "go to line" edit field if speak typed characters is set to only in edit controls. (#18208, @josephsl)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In Windows 11 Notepad, NVDA will announce values in the "Line number" field of the "Go to line" dialog when "speak typed characters" is set to "only in edit controls". (#18208, @josephsl)
```
